what up guys I was sitting here with
Dave and dave was hunting a Bulbasaur in
ash gray right and all you got to do is
run away from it I would show you but
then I'd run away from the shiny one and
that's just not cool so um yeah
basically you just run away from it and
it's sitting
oh yeah thanks des for telling me about
pokeballs now okay so I told Dave to
send me a safe I would send me a safe oh
nothing
quad resetting for this Bulbasaur crowd
running away whatever you want to call
it use butter free that you sleep
wiggle wiggle wiggle it broke out I'm
gonna catch it wait wait wait okay do
you have anything on let me just make
this fullscreen real quick okay so um
let's see do you have anything like as
far as like Pokemon that aren't gonna
get fucked up well it'll get paralyzed
by Pikachu just by using a tackle on it
or I can use thunder way this works too
Thunder Wave haha you're paralyzed bitch
Pocky ball wiggle well damn it didn't
even wiggle son we're going I'm just
gonna keep throwing balls at it fuck you
you're staying I'm not even gonna attack
you try me ask me if I give a fuck I got
you in like 15 minutes breath
yo quit fucking with the Pikachu now
that's not cool
okay now I'm about to use tackle on it I
don't know I don't have the balls
Pikachu
why I've done it like five times on
accident and it barely took it down
halfway um I'll send out the bulb murder
free then not used to girl tackle with
Butterfree okay that was straight I'll
use tackle one more time no I could be
ballsy and do it one more oh it's got
leech seed and I wonder yeah I'm using
it again and I'm gonna use it again
hop off and I'm gonna use it again I
parked me
let's go and go back to the bag pokeball
go with a wiggle wiggle
you fucking Jeep no thanks flash love
you bruh yeah I caught it I wonder what
happened on the other games where I was
just throwing the bubbles like the balls
at the bovis or I'm gonna minimize it
and say oh one of them I think I called
it cuz I'm like around the lake or
something either that or I killed it
one of them I have a pidgeotto out I
don't even know how the fuck that
happened but it doesn't matter
regular Bulbasaur SHINee Bulbasaur what
up get at me alright oh it transferred
to Oak's lab Dave where's the closest I
don't know where the hell I'm at alright
never mind there's grass right here I'm
gonna own and a regular Bellsprout where
the fuck is the Pokemon Center is it bad
o Savior stay just in case you like do
something dumb Oh what you can't escape
ropes are stuck down there forever oh
okay so you were able to save your stage
right now well in that case save okay
Dave I think I just might get a spray
tomorrow dude it's freaking sweet okay I
saved it no um I'm at a big tree like
like part of a tree but the fucking hey
there's a Charmander here you mean to
tell me I can't solve for said that oh
dude that's freaking Pokemon centers gee
dude you mean to tell me I can't solve
for set that Charmander you're bullshit
why because like oh well necessarily a
bitch just like the IDI look how you
easy you know how like you used to say
like put it in your team and it's like
you want to give it a nickname and then
you need to like over check your party
oh really yeah
I'm gonna do it anyway dude can you get
a shiny squirtle oh dude I'm getting
jumped by the squirtle squad right after
you said that they put me in a freaking
hole what is this yeah what up what up
Brett uh yeah nurse Ginny I mean that
you're not a nurse you're a police
officer can I walk over this really I'm
stuck I don't even have my Pikachu what
am I supposed to do no I put it in there
for the Bulbasaur son of a bitch you
know let's show this shiny Bulbasaur
come on run into an encounter and
encounter some time today before my
phone dies it's only like two percent
now dun dun dun dun dun oh yeah first on
YouTube shiny boats around let's see I
don't have to upload it until you get
yours but then I upload mine everybody
be like it was such a bitch
just stay up all night and just yukata
and it is a timid nature Bulbasaur its
timid I'm done
hop off on dates a file